add initial FAQ for BQ OAuth related to Google Drive scope (#4310)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Warehouse/bq-oauth-drive-scope.md

---

> title: Why does the BigQuery OAuth application require scopes to Google Drive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Why does the BigQuery OAuth application require scopes to Google Drive?
```

> description: "Use this quick explainer to learn more about scopes in the BigQuery OAuth applicaton"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn more about Google Drive scopes in the BigQuery OAuth application"
```

> sidebar_label: "BigQuery OAuth GDrive Scopes"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: "BigQuery OAuth Drive Scopes"
```

id: bq-oauth-drive-scope
---

> BigQuery supports external tables over both personal Drive files and shared files. For more information on Drive, see Drive training and help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BigQuery supports external tables over both personal Google Drive files and shared files. For more information, refer to [Create Google Drive external tables](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/external-data-drive).
```

> You can read more about this in the [BigQuery docs](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/external-data-drive) on this particular topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
